Add an example that's specific to environments read SDK (#258)
1Password/onepassword-sdk-go: example/environments/README.md

# Read 1Password Environments

> This example shows how to read environment variables from a [1Password Environment](https://developer.1password.com/docs/sdks/environments/) using the Go SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to read environment variables from a [1Password Environment](https://1password.dev/sdks/environments/) using the Go SDK.
```

## Prerequisites

1. Clone the repository and follow the [get started](https://github.com/1Password/onepassword-sdk-go#-get-started) steps.

> 2. Get your Environment ID from the 1Password app:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Get your environment ID from the 1Password app:
```

""

   - Open the 1Password desktop app and unlock it.
   - Go to **Developer** > **View Environments**.
   - Select **View environment** next to the Environment you want to use.
   - Select the **vertical ellipsis button** > **Copy environment ID**.

## Authentication

Use either a service account or the 1Password desktop app.

**Service account:**

```bash
export OP_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_TOKEN="<your token>"
```

**Desktop app:** Set your account name as shown in the desktop app:

```bash
export OP_ACCOUNT_NAME="<your account name>"
```

## How to run

> Set the Environment ID, then run the example from the project root:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the environment ID, then run the example from the project root:
```

consistency

```bash
export OP_ENVIRONMENT_ID="<your environment id>"
go run example/environments/main.go
```

## Output

The program prints each variable in the environment, including its name, value, and whether its value is hidden by default in the 1Password app.

## Documentation

> - [Read 1Password Environments (SDK guide)](https://developer.1password.com/docs/sdks/environments/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Read 1Password Environments (SDK guide)](https://1password.dev/sdks/environments/)
```

# Read 1Password Environments

This example shows how to read environment variables from a [1Password Environment](https://developer.1password.com/docs/sdks/environments/) using the Go SDK.

## Prerequisites

1. Clone the repository and follow the [get started](https://github.com/1Password/onepassword-sdk-go#-get-started) steps.
2. Get your Environment ID from the 1Password app:
   - Open the 1Password desktop app and unlock it.
   - Go to **Developer** > **View Environments**.
   - Select **View environment** next to the Environment you want to use.
   - Select **Manage environment** > **Copy environment ID**.

>    **Tip:** To see the Environment ID in the 'manage environment' dropdown, enable **Show debugging tools** under **Application** > **Settings** > **Advanced**. You may need to log out and back in for this setting to take effect.

Author: When I ran this, it was my first time using environments. I had to enable debugging in order to get this setting to show up. Is that still the default for setting up from scratch?

## Authentication

Use either a service account or the 1Password desktop app.

**Service account:**

```bash
export OP_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_TOKEN="<your token>"
```

> **Desktop app:** Set your account name as shown in the desktop app (optional; a placeholder is used if unset):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Desktop app:** Set your account name as shown in the desktop app:
```

If using the desktop app integration, you must provide a valid account name, else you'll receive the following error:

> An error occurred when processing SDK request: Error { msg: Account not found, inner: None }

```bash
export OP_ACCOUNT_NAME="YourAccountNameAsShownInTheDesktopApp"
```

## How to run

Set the Environment ID, then run the example from the project root:

```bash
export OP_ENVIRONMENT_ID="<your environment id>"
go run example/environments/main.go
```

## Output

> The program prints each variable in the Environment: name, value, and whether it is masked by default in the 1Password app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The program prints each variable in the environment, including its name, value, and whether its value is hidden by default in the 1Password app.
```

Although the SDK returns variables with a field named `masked`, its configured within 1Password, where the UI uses “Hide/Show value by default.” I’d suggest using “hidden” to align more closely with the UI terminology for this specific case.

<img width="747" height="158" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4dc5bea6-d066-4317-9355-340823c4e0ff" />
